[Music]
Aslam o alaikum and welcome to titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan
I'm British it's Friday I demand fish
and chips and I have two choices either
I can cook this processed or I can make
my own first thing I'm going to do is
prepare me chips so I've taken 500 grams
of potatoes have peeled them and cut
them into 1 centimeter parallelepipeds
have the chips into a pan of boiling
water and let them blanch for 2 minutes
after 2 minutes drain
[Music]
refresh with cold water filtering again
then allow you to drain in a colander
for five minutes now fryer chips at 150
degrees for three minutes remove from
the oil and allow to drain while the
chips are draining I'll make the batter
for the fish and I've sipped 75 grams or
half a cup of plain flour and four
tablespoons of corn flour or cornstarch
into a bowl I'm going to add in two
teaspoons of baking powder and half a
teaspoon of salt and you can add in
whatever else you want into your batter
I'm adding for example half a teaspoon
each of ground black pepper paprika and
garlic powder now I need some liquid as
well so I'm going to add in half a cup
125 mils of fizzy water
why fizzy water because it'll add some
bubbles into the batter and I want my
batter to be nice and light
now I'll risk it with my hand whisk
[Music]
lovely I've got a nice creamy smooth
batter I've got a couple of lovely
pieces of fish here
this is cod but you could use hey Corp
anger or halibut or whatever you want
really I've washed them under the tap
I'm just gonna add them into the batter
push them well down make sure they're
really well covered and just leave them
until you're ready to cook them fry the
chips at 180 degrees C for 8 to 10
minutes
when golden remove from the fryer and
drain to cook the fish you need the oil
really hot so this is now a 200 degrees
centigrade I've removed the chip basket
and I'm just going to lower in the fish
very slowly to make sure that the batter
cooks as I'm lowering the fishing
after about five minutes the fish is a
lovely black and brown color so I'll put
it down some cookies on a plate with
some kitchen roll again
succulent juicy cording crispy butter
with homemade chips made in France by
Ross bethis every Friday hundreds of
thousands of experts around the world
are denied their basic right to fish and
chips
the titli nihaan international fish and
chip relief fund for British experts
aims to help them please give generously
and join me next time in titli's busy
kitchen with me titli nihaan
until then hora Hafiz
[Music]